Task1: Vending Machine- 

Remodel for product 

Title, research(aging,cost), features- outcome, Ensure u have references for this segment
Product features define
SWOT analysis
Detail out requirements- High level and low level requirements
Design- System design(Structural and behavioural diagram), Unit Design(Structural and behavioural diagram)
Test Plan- Integrated test plan and unit test plan
Tracebility between high and low level requirements and linking.


Task 2: Structure repeats, but this time there is implementation.
Document delta changes
Evolutions
Snippets and dashboard- U have utilized issues, code quality is used.
Ensure unit test framework is in compliance with unit test plan.

Have scenarios where it is failed(Test cases which are not able to satisfy. Justify it).

Task 3: Agile adaptation of product(Done in activity 1)
Theme, Epics and have user stories as well as user points.

Team Activities:

Task 1: Chronological order sequence(Latest first). Cause,impact,outcomes and references of product.

Task 2: Take any example cut across all UML diagrams. Understanding SysML and UML.

Complete diagrams and document it. Understand why particular diagram is used
Different types of SysML diagrams. Understand them no need to apply.

Task 3: 2 parts:

a. Understanding of agile- Manifesto, principles, roles, artifacts and tools
 
 b. How are you organizing yourself as agile in team. Share challenges end of day retrospect.
 
 Task 4: Take product- Simple calculator and write VModel and Agile Model.
 
 Task 5: One liner about tools and where it falls. Classify seperately. 
 
 
 
 Tools used in agile
 IBM Doors
 
 We can attach requirements for UML diagram in IBM doors(To track UML diagrams).
 
 Visual Paradigm + Enterprise architect + Microsoft Visio, Magic Draw
 
 Tools help us in test plans: LDRA and Parasoft
 
 -> Multifold plans- Manual and automated test plans- Coverage, Cyclomatic complexity, compliance,static code analysis
 Attach requirement tests
 
 
 
 
 

Individual activity - 60% weightage
Team Activity - 40% weightage
